Catalog docs (#126)
intel/AiCSD: docs_src/index.md

[Get Started](./getting-started/what-to-expect.md){: .md-button .md-button--primary }

!!! Note

>     If ccoming fromt the catalog please follow [Getting started Catalog](./catalog/Get-Started-Guide.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If coming from the catalog please follow [Getting started Catalog](./catalog/Get-Started-Guide.md)

```
